Why don't you knock?
What are you doing?
Have you been very busy lately?
Ask knowingly.
Yes, the company is about to go public.
We can get married after it goes public.
Don't talk nonsense, uncle said you were there that day
Don't mention that to me.
Why can't it be because of that Shen Yuning?
It's over, what are you doing?
Don't be wild, I don't know what you've done.
I just don't expose you
No matter what I did
I'm all for the company for the good of both of us
Could it be that you want to let that irrelevant woman
To ruin our relationship?
Are you satisfied now?
What else are you dissatisfied with?
I made it.
I just want you to care more.
In your eyes
Will I always be so vicious?